#summary Experimental Evaluation.
#labels experiment,empirical,evaluation,result

We proceed to report on the results of applying the benchmark to the six aggregate techniques. The main goal of the experiments is not only to compare the aggregation performances, but also to analyze the effects of worker characteristics on the performance behavior. In order to compare them in a fair manner, we provide the key insights under a wide range of settings to verify their performance. All the experiments ran on an Intel Core i7 processor 2.8 GHz system with 4 GB of main memory.


= Computation Time =

It takes server resources to process worker answers. In some real-time applications, final aggregations need to be returned within minutes or even seconds. As a result, quickly aggregating the worker answers is a key factor.

|| #questions x #workers || MD || HP || ELICE || EM || SLME || GLAD || ITER  ||
|| 10 x 10 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 11 || 1 || 12 || 1 ||
|| 10 x 50 || 0 || 0 || 1 || 51 || 3 || 59 || 15 ||
|| 10 x 100 || 0 || 0 || 1 || 153 || 5 || 108 || 45 ||
|| 50 x 10 || 0 || 0 || 1 || 33 || 3 || 45 || 19 ||
|| 50 x 50 || 0 || 0 || 3 || 234 || 12 || 141 || 102 ||
|| 50 x 100 || 0 || 0 || 6 || 928 || 27 || 238 || 355 ||
|| 100 x 10 || 0 || 0 || 3 || 52 || 7 || 91 || 53 ||
|| 100 x 50 || 0 || 0 || 9 || 529 || 24 || 272 || 336 ||
|| 100 x 100 || 0 || 0 || 15 || 1591 || 46 || 473 || 915 ||

MD, HP, and ELICE are clear winners on this concern. The computation time (sec.) is shown above. MD, HP, and ELICE by far outperform the others (it takes less than 1 sec. with the size $1000 \times 1000$ of $M$). This result is straightforward to understand: these techniques require no iteration. In brief, we recommend using MD, HP, or ELICE for real-time computations.

= Accuracy =

= Sensitivity to Spammers =

= Adaptivity to Multi-labeling =

= Worker Estimation Error =